# speedfight
Group name: speedfight

Group member: Stevan Dabizljevic (657192061)

Introduction: I want to create a singleplayer turn-based fighting game with an emphasis on quick completion. Speedfight will have 3-5 stages of ramping difficulty with the goal being to defeat your enemy in turn-based combat. I want the game to be replayabale, and so there will be mechanics based around quick completion, as well as a timer that runs from the start of the game to the end, showing you how quickly the game was completed on that playthrough. Game development has always been an interest of mine and so naturally I was compelled to create a game for my project. My two favorite genres for games are turn-based RPGs and speed games, and I've always thought that combining the two would create an interesting dichotomy between strategy and speed.

Technical Overview: First I need to become acquainted with quicksilver, the information pages recommended 2D game framework. I need to be able to understand how to use this to turn my code into visible playable gameplay. I then need to begin the bulk of my work. To do this I'll start by coding a single simple turn-based fight between the player and CPU. This fight will be mostly static, in which I mean the player and CPU will both be constant, with the same move pool and base stats. Sometime during early development I also want to become familiar with how to implement a proper timer. I then want to understand how to create a more random experience, making the CPU have random base stats and a random move pool. While I want to give the player random base stats (which they'll see before each attempt), I want them to be able to somewhat choose their move pool. To further explain, lets say that I create 16 total moves. I then randomly give the player 8 of these to choose from, with the player having a total of 4 moves at their disposal. After understanding how to create this randomness I'll then start changing the game from a single fight into a multi-stage battle. 
For checkpoint 1 I think it most reasonable to just become more familiar with quicksilver, and so by then I want to have a working title screen that opens up into the main game screen. While the game screen won't work at this point, I think it would be beneficial for me to create responsive UI. 
For checkpoint 2 I want to have my single simple fight ready. This is the point where the stats and moves are static, but the player has the ability to fight a single enemy with a timer running. 

Possible challenges: Learning the implementation of quicksilver in itself seems challenging, as I've never turned any code into a working active game; included in that challenge is creating a working UI system. Also challenging will be the implementation of the timer. While the overarching timer doesn't seem too complex, I want there to be smaller gameplay moments dictated by time. Perhaps how slowly you make a choice decides the damage your enemy deals. These smaller timigs seem harder to implement. Hardest of all might be making sure that the enemy AI is difficult enough to give the player a challenge. I'm still not even sure how I want to go deciding how the enemy chooses what move it wants to make.